bin/vacuum
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Header.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Incoming/Context.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Incoming/NextContent.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Incoming/NextContext.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Incoming/buddy_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Outgoing/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Outgoing/Context.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Outgoing/NextContent.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Outgoing/NextContext.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Outgoing/buddy_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Status.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Template.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Green Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Green No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Green No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Green.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Red Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Red No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Red No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Red.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Steel Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Steel No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Steel No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Steel.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Yellow Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Yellow No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Yellow No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Blue on Yellow.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Blue Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Blue No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Blue No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Blue.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Red Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Red No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Red No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Red.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Steel Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Steel No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Steel No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Steel.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Yellow Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Yellow No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Yellow No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Green on Yellow.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Blue Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Blue No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Blue No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Blue.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Green Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Green No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Green No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Green.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Steel Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Steel No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Steel No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Steel.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Yellow Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Yellow No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Yellow No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Red on Yellow.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Blue Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Blue No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Blue No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Blue.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Green Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Green No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Green No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Green.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Red Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Red No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Red No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Red.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Yellow Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Yellow No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Yellow No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Steel on Yellow.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Blue Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Blue No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Blue No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Blue.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Green Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Green No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Green No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Green.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Red Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Red No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Red No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Red.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Steel Alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Steel No Names Alt.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Steel No Names.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/Variants/Yellow on Steel.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/alternating.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/DummyContact.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/alert.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueBackground.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueCurves.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueIndicator.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueIndicator.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueIndicator2.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/blueIndicatorAlt.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenBackground.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenCurves.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenIndicator.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenIndicator.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenIndicator2.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/greenIndicatorAlt.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redBackground.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redCurves.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redIndicator.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redIndicator.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redIndicator2.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/redIndicatorAlt.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/silverBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/silverCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelBackground.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelCurves.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelHeading.jpg
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelIndicator.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelIndicator.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelIndicator2.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/steelIndicatorAlt.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/typing-left.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/typing-right.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowBackground.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowBackground.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowCurves.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowCurves.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowHeading.jpg
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowIndicator.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowIndicator.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowIndicator2.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowIndicatorAlt.gif
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowTL.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/images/yellowTR.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/incoming_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/main.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/noname.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/renkoo/Contents/Resources/outgoing_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/shared/Template.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Footer.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Header.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Header.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/MeCommand.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Status.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Topic.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Topic.html
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial Both.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial Neither.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial Sender.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial Time.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial XtraColor Both.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial XtraColor Neither.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial XtraColor Sender.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Mercurial XtraColor Time.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine Both.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine Neither.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine Sender.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine Time.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine XtraColor Both.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine XtraColor Neither.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine XtraColor Sender.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/Saturnine XtraColor Time.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_Base.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_BaseM.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_BaseS.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_FixedColorM.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_FixedColorS.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_XtraColorM.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/Variants/_Themes/_XtraColorS.css
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/alignchat.js
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/incoming_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/license.txt
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/outgoing_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/adiummessagestyles/yMous/Contents/Resources/roomTopicBanner.js
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/Copyright.txt
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/acute.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/aggressive.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/air_kiss.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/angel.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/bad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/beee.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/biggrin.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/blum.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/blush.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/bomb.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/boredom.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/bye.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/clapping.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/cray.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/crazy.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/dance.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/dash.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/diablo.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/dirol.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/drink.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/fool.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/greeting.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/happy.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/heart.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/help.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/kiss.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/laugh.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/lol.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/mad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/mail.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/mamba.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/man_in_love.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/mocking.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/music.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/nea.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/new_russian.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/ok.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/pardon.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/rofl.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/rolleyes.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/rose.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/sad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/scratch_one-s_head.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/secret.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/shok.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/shout.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/smile.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/sorry.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/stop.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/unknw.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/unsure.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/vava.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/wacko.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/wink.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/yahoo.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_dark/yes.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/Copyright.txt
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/acute.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/aggressive.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/air_kiss.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/angel.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/bad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/beee.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/biggrin.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/blum.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/blush.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/bomb.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/boredom.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/bye.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/clapping.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/cray.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/crazy.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/dance.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/dash.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/diablo.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/dirol.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/drink.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/fool.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/greeting.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/happy.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/heart.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/help.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/kiss.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/laugh.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/lol.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/mad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/mail.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/mamba.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/man_in_love.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/mocking.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/music.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/nea.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/new_russian.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/ok.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/pardon.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/rofl.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/rolleyes.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/rose.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/sad.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/scratch_one-s_head.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/secret.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/shok.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/shout.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/smile.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/sorry.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/stop.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/unknw.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/unsure.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/vava.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/wacko.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/wink.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/yahoo.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/kolobok_light/yes.gif
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/001.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/002.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/003.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/004.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/005.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/006.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/007.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/008.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/009.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/010.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/011.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/012.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/013.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/014.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/015.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/016.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/017.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/018.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/019.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/021.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/022.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/023.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/026.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/027.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/028.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/029.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/030.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/031.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/032.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/033.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/034.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/037.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/038.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/040.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/041.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/042.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/043.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/045.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/046.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/048.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/050.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/052.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/053.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/054.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/055.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/056.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/059.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/060.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/062.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/063.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/064.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/065.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/066.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/067.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/069.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/071.png
data/vacuum/resources/emoticons/tasha/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/account.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/account.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/accountchange.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/accountlist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/annotations.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/annotations.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/arrowdown.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/arrowleft.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/arrowright.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/arrowup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/autostatus.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/autostatus.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatar.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatarchange.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatarcustom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatarempty.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatarremove.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/avatarset.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/birthdayreminder.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/birthdayremindernotify.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarks.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarks.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarksadd.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarksedit.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarksroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/bookmarksurl.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/captchaforms.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/captchaforms.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatmessagehandler.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatmessagehandlerclearchat.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatmessagehandlermessage.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatmessagehandlerusermenu.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstates.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatesactive.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatescomposing.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatesgone.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatesinactive.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatespaused.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/chatstatesunknown.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/clientinfo.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/clientinfo.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/clientinfoactivity.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/clientinfotime.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/commands.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/commands.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/connection.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/connectionencrypted.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/console.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/console.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/datastreamsmanager.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/datastreamsmanager.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/emoticons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/emoticons.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/filestreamsmanager.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/filestreamsmanager.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/filetransfer.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/filetransferreceive.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/filetransfersend.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gateways.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gateways.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewaysaddcontact.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewayschange.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewayskeepconnection.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewayslogin.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewayslogout.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewaysremove.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/gatewaysresolve.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/history.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/history.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/historydate.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/jsearch.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/jsearch.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindow.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo128.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo16.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo24.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo32.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo48.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo64.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowlogo96.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowmenu.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowquit.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mainwindowshowroster.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagestyles.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagestyles.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagewidgets.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagewidgetsquote.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagewidgetssend.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/messagewidgetstabmenu.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muc.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucchangenick.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucchangetopic.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucclearchat.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucconference.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucconfigureroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucdatamessage.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucdestroyroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muceditadminslist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muceditbanlist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muceditmemberslist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muceditownerslist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucenterroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucexitroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucinvite.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucjoin.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucmessage.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucprivatemessage.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucrequestvoice.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/muctoolsmenu.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/mucusermenu.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/normalmessagehandler.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/normalmessagehandlermessage.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notifications.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notifications.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notificationsactivateall.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notificationsremoveall.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notificationssoundoff.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/notificationssoundon.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/options.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/optionsdialog.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/optionseditprofiles.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/optionsprofile.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/optionsprofiles.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/pluginmanager.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/pluginmanagerabout.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/pluginmanageraboutqt.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/pluginmanagersetup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylists.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylists.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsadvanced.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsblock.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsdisable.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsenable.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsignore.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsinvisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistslist.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/privacylistsvisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchanger.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangeraddcontact.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangercopygroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangercreategroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangergroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangermovegroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerremovecontact.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerremovecontacts.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerremovefromgroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerremovegroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerrename.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerrootgroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangersubscribe.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangersubscription.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerthisgroup.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rchangerunsubscribe.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/register.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/register.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/registerchange.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/registerremove.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterexchange.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterexchangerequest.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rostersearch.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rostersearch.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterview.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterviewclipboard.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterviewhideoffline.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterviewoptions.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/rosterviewshowoffline.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/schanger.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/schangerconnecting.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/schangereditstatuses.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/schangermodifystatus.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/sdiscovery.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/sdiscoverydiscoinfo.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/sdiscoverydiscover.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/sdiscoveryreload.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/shortcuts.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/shortcuts.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/snegotiation.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/snegotiation.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/snegotiationinit.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/snegotiationterminate.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/statusiconsoptions.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/vacuum.png
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/vcard.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/menuicons/shared/vcard.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/_empty_.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/_error_.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/_service_.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/_wait_.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/account.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/account_admin.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/account_anonymous.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/account_registered.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_cert.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_generic.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_ldap.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_ntlm.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_pam.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/auth_radius.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation_commandlist.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation_commandnode.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation_rpc.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation_soap.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/automation_translate.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_bot.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_console.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_handheld.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_pc.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_phone.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/client_web.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/collaboration.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/collaboration_whiteboard.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_archive.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_c2s.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_generic.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_load.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_log.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_presence.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_router.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_s2s.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_sm.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/component_stats.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/conference.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/conference_irc.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/conference_text.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/directory.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/directory_chatroom.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/directory_group.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/directory_user.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/directory_waitinglist.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_aim.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_facebook.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_gadugadu.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_http.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_icq.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_irc.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_mlcs.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_mocs.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_mrim.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_msn.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_myspace.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_qq.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_sametime.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_sip.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_skype.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_sms.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_smtp.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_tlen.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_vkontakte.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_xfire.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_xmpp.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/gateway_yahoo.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/headline.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/headline_newmail.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/headline_rss.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/headline_weather.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/hierarchy.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/hierarchy_branch.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/hierarchy_leaf.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/proxy.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/proxy_bytestreams.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/pubsub.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/pubsub_pep.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/pubsub_service.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/server.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/server_im.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_berkeley.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_file.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_generic.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_ldap.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_mysql.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_oracle.png
data/vacuum/resources/serviceicons/shared/store_postgres.png
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Incoming/NextContent.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/MeCommand.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Outgoing/NextContent.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Status.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Topic.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/chat/Variants/Default.css
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/normal/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/normal/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/normal/Topic.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/normal/Variants/Default.css
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/MeCommand.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/Status.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/Topic.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/plain/Variants/Default.css
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/Incoming/Content.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/Info.plist
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/MeCommand.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/Status.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/Topic.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/psi/Variants/Default.css
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/shared/Template.html
data/vacuum/resources/simplemessagestyles/shared/buddy_icon.png
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/auth.wav
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/birthdayreminder.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/captchaforms.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/chatmessagehandler.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/default.wav
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/error.wav
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/filetransfer.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/message.wav
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/muc.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/normalmessagehandler.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/rchanger.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/rosterexchange.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/schanger.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/sounds/shared/snegotiation.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/aim/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/bot/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/facebook/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gadu/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/gtalk/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/icq/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/livejournal/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/mrim/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/msn/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/odnoklassniki/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/rss/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/shared/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/sms/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/smtp/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/vkontakte/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/weather/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yahoo/xa.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/ask.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/away.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/chatty.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/dnd.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/icon.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/invisible.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/noauth.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/offline.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/online.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/perr.png
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/statusicons.def.xml
data/vacuum/resources/statusicons/yaonline/xa.png
data/vacuum/translations/de/accountmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/adiummessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/annotations.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/autostatus.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/avatars.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/birthdayreminder.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/bitsofbinary.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/bookmarks.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/captchaforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/chatmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/chatstates.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/clientinfo.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/commands.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/compress.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/connectionmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/console.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/dataforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/datastreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/defaultconnection.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/emoticons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/filemessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/filestreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/filetransfer.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/gateways.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/inbandstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/iqauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/jabbersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/mainwindow.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/messagearchiver.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/messageprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/messagestyles.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/messagewidgets.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/multiuserchat.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/normalmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/notifications.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/optionsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/pepmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/presence.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/privacylists.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/privatestorage.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/registration.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/remotecontrol.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/roster.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/rosterchanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/rosteritemexchange.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/rostersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/rostersmodel.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/rostersview.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/saslauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/servermessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/servicediscovery.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/sessionnegotiation.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/shortcutmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/simplemessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/socksstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/stanzaprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/starttls.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/statuschanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/statusicons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/traymanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/urlprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/vacuum.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/vacuumutils.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/vcard.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/xmppstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/de/xmppuriqueries.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/accountmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/adiummessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/annotations.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/autostatus.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/avatars.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/birthdayreminder.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/bitsofbinary.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/bookmarks.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/captchaforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/chatmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/chatstates.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/clientinfo.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/commands.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/compress.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/connectionmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/console.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/dataforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/datastreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/defaultconnection.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/emoticons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/filemessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/filestreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/filetransfer.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/gateways.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/inbandstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/iqauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/jabbersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/mainwindow.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/messagearchiver.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/messageprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/messagestyles.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/messagewidgets.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/multiuserchat.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/normalmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/notifications.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/optionsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/pepmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/presence.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/privacylists.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/privatestorage.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/registration.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/remotecontrol.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/roster.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/rosterchanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/rosteritemexchange.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/rostersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/rostersmodel.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/rostersview.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/saslauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/servermessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/servicediscovery.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/sessionnegotiation.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/shortcutmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/simplemessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/socksstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/stanzaprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/starttls.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/statuschanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/statusicons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/traymanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/urlprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/vacuum.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/vacuumutils.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/vcard.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/xmppstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/pl/xmppuriqueries.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/accountmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/adiummessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/annotations.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/autostatus.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/avatars.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/birthdayreminder.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/bitsofbinary.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/bookmarks.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/captchaforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/chatmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/chatstates.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/clientinfo.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/commands.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/compress.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/connectionmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/console.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/dataforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/datastreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/defaultconnection.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/emoticons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/filemessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/filestreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/filetransfer.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/gateways.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/inbandstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/iqauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/jabbersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/mainwindow.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/messagearchiver.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/messageprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/messagestyles.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/messagewidgets.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/multiuserchat.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/normalmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/notifications.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/optionsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/pepmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/presence.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/privacylists.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/privatestorage.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/registration.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/remotecontrol.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/roster.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/rosterchanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/rosteritemexchange.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/rostersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/rostersmodel.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/rostersview.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/saslauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/servermessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/servicediscovery.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/sessionnegotiation.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/shortcutmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/simplemessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/socksstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/stanzaprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/starttls.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/statuschanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/statusicons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/traymanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/urlprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/vacuum.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/vacuumutils.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/vcard.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/xmppstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/ru/xmppuriqueries.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/accountmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/adiummessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/annotations.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/autostatus.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/avatars.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/birthdayreminder.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/bitsofbinary.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/bookmarks.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/captchaforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/chatmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/chatstates.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/clientinfo.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/commands.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/compress.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/connectionmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/console.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/dataforms.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/datastreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/defaultconnection.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/emoticons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/filemessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/filestreamsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/filetransfer.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/gateways.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/inbandstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/iqauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/jabbersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/mainwindow.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/messagearchiver.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/messageprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/messagestyles.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/messagewidgets.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/multiuserchat.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/normalmessagehandler.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/notifications.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/optionsmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/pepmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/presence.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/privacylists.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/privatestorage.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/registration.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/remotecontrol.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/roster.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/rosterchanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/rosteritemexchange.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/rostersearch.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/rostersmodel.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/rostersview.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/saslauth.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/servermessagearchive.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/servicediscovery.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/sessionnegotiation.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/shortcutmanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/simplemessagestyle.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/socksstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/stanzaprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/starttls.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/statuschanger.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/statusicons.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/traymanager.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/urlprocessor.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/vacuum.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/vacuumutils.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/vcard.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/xmppstreams.qm
data/vacuum/translations/uk/xmppuriqueries.qm
documentation/doc/vacuum-1.2.0/vacuum/AUTHORS
documentation/doc/vacuum-1.2.0/vacuum/CHANGELOG
documentation/doc/vacuum-1.2.0/vacuum/COPYING
documentation/doc/vacuum-1.2.0/vacuum/README
documentation/doc/vacuum-1.2.0/vacuum/TRANSLATORS
include/vacuum/definitions/actiongroups.h
include/vacuum/definitions/archivecapabilityorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/archivehandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/commandline.h
include/vacuum/definitions/dataformtypes.h
include/vacuum/definitions/discofeaturehandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/discoitemdataroles.h
include/vacuum/definitions/editcontentshandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/fshandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/menubargroups.h
include/vacuum/definitions/menuicons.h
include/vacuum/definitions/messagedataroles.h
include/vacuum/definitions/messageeditororders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/messagehandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/messagewriterorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/multiuserdataroles.h
include/vacuum/definitions/namespaces.h
include/vacuum/definitions/notificationdataroles.h
include/vacuum/definitions/notificationhandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/notificationtypeorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/notificationtypes.h
include/vacuum/definitions/optionnodeorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/optionnodes.h
include/vacuum/definitions/optionvalues.h
include/vacuum/definitions/optionwidgetorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/plugininitorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/resources.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterclickhookerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterdataholderorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterdragdropmimetypes.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosteredithandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterfootertextorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterindextyperole.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterkeyhookerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterlabelorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosternotifyorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rosterproxyorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/rostertooltiporders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/serviceicons.h
include/vacuum/definitions/sessionnegotiatororders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/shortcutgrouporders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/shortcuts.h
include/vacuum/definitions/soundfiles.h
include/vacuum/definitions/stanzahandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/statusbargroups.h
include/vacuum/definitions/statusicons.h
include/vacuum/definitions/tabpagenotifypriorities.h
include/vacuum/definitions/toolbargroups.h
include/vacuum/definitions/vcardvaluenames.h
include/vacuum/definitions/version.h
include/vacuum/definitions/viewurlhandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/xmppdatahandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/xmppfeatureorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/xmppfeaturepluginorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/xmppstanzahandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/definitions/xmppurihandlerorders.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iaccountmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iannotations.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iautostatus.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iavatars.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ibirthdayreminder.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ibitsofbinary.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ibookmarks.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/icaptchaforms.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ichatstates.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iclientinfo.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/icommands.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iconnectionmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/idataforms.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/idatastreamsmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/idefaultconnection.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iemoticons.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ifilemessagearchive.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ifilestreamsmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ifiletransfer.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/igateways.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iinbandstreams.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ijabbersearch.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imainwindow.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imessagearchiver.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imessageprocessor.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imessagestyles.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imessagewidgets.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/imultiuserchat.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/inotifications.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ioptionsmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ipepmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ipluginmanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ipresence.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iprivacylists.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iprivatestorage.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iregistraton.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iroster.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/irosterchanger.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/irosteritemexchange.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/irostersearch.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/irostersmodel.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/irostersview.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iservermessagearchive.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iservicediscovery.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/isessionnegotiation.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/isocksstreams.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/istanzaprocessor.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/istatuschanger.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/istatusicons.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/itraymanager.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/iurlprocessor.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ivcard.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ixmppstreams.h
include/vacuum/interfaces/ixmppuriqueries.h
include/vacuum/utils/action.h
include/vacuum/utils/animatedtextbrowser.h
include/vacuum/utils/datetime.h
include/vacuum/utils/filestorage.h
include/vacuum/utils/iconsetdelegate.h
include/vacuum/utils/iconstorage.h
include/vacuum/utils/jid.h
include/vacuum/utils/menu.h
include/vacuum/utils/menubarchanger.h
include/vacuum/utils/message.h
include/vacuum/utils/options.h
include/vacuum/utils/ringbuffer.h
include/vacuum/utils/shortcuts.h
include/vacuum/utils/stanza.h
include/vacuum/utils/statusbarchanger.h
include/vacuum/utils/systemmanager.h
include/vacuum/utils/textmanager.h
include/vacuum/utils/toolbarchanger.h
include/vacuum/utils/unzipfile.h
include/vacuum/utils/utilsexport.h
include/vacuum/utils/versionparser.h
include/vacuum/utils/widgetmanager.h
include/vacuum/utils/xmpperror.h
lib/libvacuumutils.so
lib/libvacuumutils.so.1.17
lib/libvacuumutils.so.1.17.0
lib/vacuum/plugins/libaccountmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libadiummessagestyle.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libannotations.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libautostatus.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libavatars.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libbirthdayreminder.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libbitsofbinary.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libbookmarks.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libcaptchaforms.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libchatmessagehandler.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libchatstates.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libclientinfo.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libcommands.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libcompress.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libconnectionmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libconsole.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libdataforms.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libdatastreamsmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libdefaultconnection.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libemoticons.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libfilemessagearchive.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libfilestreamsmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libfiletransfer.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libgateways.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libinbandstreams.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libiqauth.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libjabbersearch.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmainwindow.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmessagearchiver.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmessageprocessor.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmessagestyles.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmessagewidgets.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libmultiuserchat.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libnormalmessagehandler.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libnotifications.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/liboptionsmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libpepmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libpresence.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libprivacylists.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libprivatestorage.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libregistration.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libremotecontrol.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libroster.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/librosterchanger.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/librosteritemexchange.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/librostersearch.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/librostersmodel.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/librostersview.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libsaslauth.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libservermessagearchive.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libservicediscovery.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libsessionnegotiation.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libshortcutmanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libsimplemessagestyle.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libsocksstreams.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libstanzaprocessor.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libstarttls.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libstatuschanger.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libstatusicons.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libtraymanager.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/liburlprocessor.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libvcard.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libxmppstreams.so
lib/vacuum/plugins/libxmppuriqueries.so
